Update build instructions in README (#1524)
freechipsproject/chisel3: README.md

### Compiling and Testing Chisel

> First, you need to clone and build the [firrtl](https://github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl) and [treadle](https://github.com/freechipsproject/treadle) projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, clone and build the master branch of [FIRRTL](https://github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl) and [Treadle](https://github.com/freechipsproject/treadle), since the master branch of Chisel may depend on breaking-edge features:
```

```

> git clone git@github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl.git

Reviewer: I would use the following to allow anonymous cloning
```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl.git
```

### Compiling and Testing Chisel

First, clone and build the master branch of [FIRRTL](https://github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl) and [Treadle](https://github.com/freechipsproject/treadle), as the master branch of Chisel may depend on unreleased changes in those projects:

```
git clone https://github.com/freechipsproject/firrtl.git
git clone https://github.com/freechipsproject/treadle.git
pushd firrtl; sbt +publishLocal; popd

> pushd treadle; sbt +publishLocal; popd

Reviewer 2: I think the `+` is unnecessary since the major version of Scala is the same for all. Granted I expect when we finally update to 2.13 there will be a brief period where this would be necessary.

Author: Fair call. I will drop it.

Author: Done
